this kitchen kid is filmed in front of a
live studio yeah we met radically
[Applause]
[Music]
learning to do next for hard frozen peas
on T coaster
[Music]
I'll take this this contains a variety
of which are green eyes I watch it going
around and now cover the food hot water
25 minutes because we've hot water so
that customers can cook quickly there
the chicken
we have the chicken to make it nice and
possible young chicken protein in our
meal helps bones muscles and cells
growing kale next Charles mutters in the
quarters this dish condemns the right
path
[Music]
then add a few loads of olive oil to
season and sea flower through a little
lemon juice don't add too much if you do
it'll take a little bit of work and she
will be found on a recipe in the
tomatoes or the piece but it's not very
much time awesome or they impress the
judges with their cuz cuz makes food
food that's find out today's judges were
looking for an incredibly healthy quick
dish
my mouth was watering originally
this way the first jersey chips mouth so
there was cooking going on in my school
how very dare you
[Applause]